government = monarchy
add_government_reform = beylik_legacy
primary_culture = turkish
add_accepted_culture = al_misr_arabic
add_accepted_culture = bedouin_arabic
add_accepted_culture = saiidi
add_accepted_culture = libyan_arabic
religion = sunni
technology_group = muslim
historical_friend = TUR
historical_friend = DM5
historical_friend = HLA
historical_rival = POR
historical_rival = SPA
historical_rival = FRA
historical_rival = GBR
historical_rival = NED
historical_rival = DAN
historical_rival = SWE
government_rank = 4
capital = 361 # Cairo
add_army_professionalism = 0.1
religious_school = hanafi_school

